mmdc: add page (#4540)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mmdc.md

> # mermaid-cli

Reviewer: This needs the match the name of the command being documented, due to the way the infrastructure behind the scenes works.
```suggestion
# mmdc
```

> > A command-line interface (CLI) for mermaid. It takes a mermaid definition file as input and generates svg/png/pdf file as output.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> CLI for mermaid, a diagram generation tool with a domain-specific language.
> A mermaid definition file is taken as input and a svg, png, or pdf file is generated as output.
```

> > More information: <https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/>.
```

> - Convert file to format speficied in file extension (svg|png|pdf):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Convert file to the specified format (automatically determined from the file extension. svg, png, and pdf are supported):
```

Author: sounds good to me, would it be smart to change `output.svg` in the example to something more descriptive?
i.e
`mmdc --input {{input.mmd}} --output {{output.svg|output.png|output.pdf}}`
instead of
`mmdc --input {{input.mmd}} --output {{output.svg}}`

`mmdc --input {{input.mmd}} --output {{output.svg}}`

> - Change theme of the chart (forest|dark|neutral|default):
> 
> `mmdc --input {{input.mmd}} --output {{output.svg}} --theme {{neutral}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Specify the theme of the chart:

`mmdc --input {{input.mmd}} --output {{output.svg}} --theme {{forest|dark|neutral|default}}`
```

> - Change the background color of the chart (lime|"#D8064F"|transparent):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Specify the background color of the chart (e.g. `lime`, `"#D8064F"`, or `transparent`):
```

# mmdc

> CLI for mermaid, a diagram generation tool with a domain-specific language.

> > A mermaid definition file is taken as input and a svg, png, or pdf file is generated as output.

Reviewer 2: I think we are talking about formats, not the extension of the filename. So, I think `SVG`, `PNG` and `PDF` should be in upper case.

> More information: <https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/>.

> - Convert file to the specified format (automatically determined from the file extension. svg, png, and pdf are supported):

Reviewer 3: The supported file extensions are already being described in the description so I don't think is necessary to write it again. 
```suggestion
- Convert a file to the specified format (automatically determined from the file extension):
```
